README.md, before:

# Project Name

> One paragraph statement about the project.

![screenshot](./app_screenshot.png)

Additional description about the project and its features.

## Built With

- Major languages,
- frameworks,
- technologies used

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)

### Development (Running locally)

- Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/user/html-css-template.git

```

- Install Dependencies

```bash
npm run install
```

To run StyleLint by itself, you may run the lint task:

```bash
npm run lint:check
```

Or to automatically fix issues found (where possible):

```bash
npm run lint
```

You can also check against Prettier:

```bash
npm run format:check
```

and to have it actually fix (to the best of its ability) any format issues, run:

```bash
npm run format
```

You can also check against HTML Validator:

```bash
npm run html-validator
```

## Style Guides

- [CSS Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/css.html)
- [HTML Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html)
- [JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html)
- [Git Style Guide](https://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/)

## 👤 Author

- Github: [@author](https://github.com/author)
- Twitter: [@author](https://twitter.com/author)
- Linkedin: [@author](https://www.linkedin.com/in/author/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration, resources/assets used
- etc

## 📝 License

[MIT licensed](./LICENSE).

Commit message:

doc: Update README.md based on webpage developement

README.md, after:

# Project Name

> This project follows the guideline of [THE ODIN PROJECT](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/html-and-css/lessons/grid) under the (course HTML and CSS) to clone a New York Times page [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/18/science/space/detection-of-waves-in-space-buttresses-landmark-theory-of-big-bang.html?_r=0).
> .

![screenshot](./images/new-york-times-screenshot.png)

This Project is an assignment on element positioning in a webpage, this is to test students ability on positioning of HTML elements.

## Built With

- HTML,
  - Semantic HTML
  - HTML Heading and Sectioning
- CSS
  - Flexbox
  - Floating Element
  - Positining
  - Background properties
  - Tseudo classes

## Live Demo

[Live Demo Link](https://basit-nyt-clone.netlify.app/)

### Development (Running locally)

- Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/user/html-css-template.git

```

- Install Dependencies

```bash
npm run install
```

To run StyleLint by itself, you may run the lint task:

```bash
npm run lint:check
```

Or to automatically fix issues found (where possible):

```bash
npm run lint
```

You can also check against Prettier:

```bash
npm run format:check
```

and to have it actually fix (to the best of its ability) any format issues, run:

```bash
npm run format
```

You can also check against HTML Validator:

```bash
npm run html-validator
```

## Style Guides

- [CSS Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/css.html)
- [HTML Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/index.html)
- [JavaScript Style Guide](http://udacity.github.io/frontend-nanodegree-styleguide/javascript.html)
- [Git Style Guide](https://udacity.github.io/git-styleguide/)

## 👤 Author

- Arigbabuwo Basit: [@BasitKorede](https://github.com/BasitKorede)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- [@bolah2009](https://github.com/bolah2009)
- [@adejam](https://github.com/adejam)
- [THE ODIN PROJECT](https://www.theodinproject.com/courses/html-and-css/lessons/grid)
- [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/18/science/space/detection-of-waves-in-space-buttresses-landmark-theory-of-big-bang.html?_r=0)

## 📝 License

[MIT licensed](./LICENSE).
